accept  ==>  accepting
accuse  ==>  accusing
act  ==>  acting
add  ==>  adding
admit  ==>  admitting
advise  ==>  advising
affect  ==>  affecting
agree  ==>  FAIL
aid  ==>  aiding
aim  ==>  aiming
amend  ==>  amending
answer  ==>  answerring
appeal  ==>  appealing
appear  ==>  appearring
argue  ==>  arguing
arrest  ==>  arresting
arrive  ==>  arriving
ask  ==>  asking
assist  ==>  assisting
attach  ==>  attaching
attack  ==>  attacking
attend  ==>  attending
avoid  ==>  avoiding
ban  ==>  banning
bar  ==>  barring
base  ==>  basing
beat  ==>  beatting
become  ==>  becoming
begin  ==>  beginning
belong  ==>  belonging
betray  ==>  FAIL
bite  ==>  biting
blame  ==>  blaming
block  ==>  blocking
blow  ==>  blowing
boil  ==>  boiling
bomb  ==>  bombing
break  ==>  breaking
bring  ==>  bringing
build  ==>  building
burn  ==>  burning
bury  ==>  FAIL
buy  ==>  FAIL
call  ==>  calling
can  ==>  canning
cancel  ==>  canceling
care  ==>  caring
carry  ==>  FAIL
cause  ==>  causing
change  ==>  changing
charge  ==>  charging
chase  ==>  chasing
cheat  ==>  cheatting
cheer  ==>  cheerring
choose  ==>  choosing
claim  ==>  claiming
clean  ==>  cleanning
climb  ==>  climbing
close  ==>  closing
come  ==>  coming
cook  ==>  cooking
copy  ==>  FAIL
cost  ==>  costing
count  ==>  counting
cover  ==>  coverring
crash  ==>  crashing
create  ==>  creating
cross  ==>  crossing
crush  ==>  crushing
cry  ==>  FAIL
cure  ==>  curing
cut  ==>  cutting
damage  ==>  damaging
dance  ==>  dancing
deal  ==>  dealing
decide  ==>  deciding
defeat  ==>  defeatting
defend  ==>  defending
define  ==>  defining
delay  ==>  FAIL
demand  ==>  demanding
deny  ==>  FAIL
depend  ==>  depending
deploy  ==>  FAIL
design  ==>  designing
desire  ==>  desiring
die  ==>  dying
direct  ==>  directing
disarm  ==>  disarming
divide  ==>  dividing
dream  ==>  dreaming
drink  ==>  drinking
drive  ==>  driving
drop  ==>  dropping
drown  ==>  drowning
earn  ==>  earning
ease  ==>  easing
eat  ==>  eatting
elect  ==>  electing
employ  ==>  FAIL
empty  ==>  FAIL
end  ==>  ending
enjoy  ==>  FAIL
enter  ==>  enterring
escape  ==>  escaping
excuse  ==>  excusing
exile  ==>  exiling
exist  ==>  existing
expand  ==>  expanding
expect  ==>  expecting
export  ==>  exporting
extend  ==>  extending
face  ==>  facing
fail  ==>  failing
fall  ==>  falling
fear  ==>  fearring
feed  ==>  feeding
feel  ==>  feeling
fill  ==>  filling
film  ==>  filming
find  ==>  finding
finish  ==>  finishing
fire  ==>  firing
fit  ==>  fitting
fix  ==>  fixing
flee  ==>  FAIL
float  ==>  floatting
flood  ==>  flooding
flow  ==>  flowing
fly  ==>  FAIL
follow  ==>  following
fool  ==>  fooling
force  ==>  forcing
form  ==>  forming
free  ==>  FAIL
freeze  ==>  freezing
gain  ==>  gainning
gather  ==>  gatherring
get  ==>  getting
give  ==>  giving
govern  ==>  governing
grind  ==>  grinding
grow  ==>  growing
guard  ==>  guarding
guide  ==>  guiding
halt  ==>  halting
hang  ==>  hanging
happen  ==>  happenning
harm  ==>  harming
hate  ==>  hating
have  ==>  having
head  ==>  heading
heal  ==>  healing
hear  ==>  hearring
heat  ==>  heatting
help  ==>  helping
hide  ==>  hiding
hijack  ==>  hijacking
hit  ==>  hitting
hold  ==>  holding
hope  ==>  hoping
hunt  ==>  hunting
hurry  ==>  FAIL
hurt  ==>  hurting
import  ==>  importing
incite  ==>  inciting
infect  ==>  infecting
inform  ==>  informing
inject  ==>  injecting
injure  ==>  injuring
insult  ==>  insulting
invade  ==>  invading
invent  ==>  inventing
invest  ==>  investing
invite  ==>  inviting
join  ==>  joinning
judge  ==>  judging
jump  ==>  jumping
keep  ==>  keepping
kick  ==>  kicking
kidnap  ==>  kidnapping
kill  ==>  killing
kiss  ==>  kissing
know  ==>  knowing
lack  ==>  lacking
land  ==>  landing
last  ==>  lasting
laugh  ==>  laughing
lead  ==>  leading
leak  ==>  leaking
leave  ==>  leaving
lend  ==>  lending
let  ==>  letting
lie  ==>  lying
lift  ==>  lifting
like  ==>  liking
link  ==>  linking
list  ==>  listing
listen  ==>  listenning
live  ==>  living
load  ==>  loading
look  ==>  looking
love  ==>  loving
make  ==>  making
mark  ==>  marking
may  ==>  FAIL
mean  ==>  meanning
meet  ==>  meetting
melt  ==>  melting
mine  ==>  mining
miss  ==>  missing
mix  ==>  mixing
mourn  ==>  mourning
move  ==>  moving
murder  ==>  murderring
must  ==>  musting
name  ==>  naming
need  ==>  needing
note  ==>  noting
object  ==>  objecting
occupy  ==>  FAIL
offer  ==>  offerring
open  ==>  openning
oppose  ==>  opposing
order  ==>  orderring
oust  ==>  ousting
owe  ==>  owing
own  ==>  owning
paint  ==>  painting
pass  ==>  passing
pay  ==>  FAIL
permit  ==>  permitting
place  ==>  placing
plan  ==>  planning
plant  ==>  planting
play  ==>  FAIL
please  ==>  pleasing
plot  ==>  plotting
point  ==>  pointing
pour  ==>  pourring
praise  ==>  praising
pray  ==>  FAIL
press  ==>  pressing
prove  ==>  proving
pull  ==>  pulling
punish  ==>  punishing
push  ==>  pushing
put  ==>  putting
race  ==>  racing
raid  ==>  raiding
raise  ==>  raising
read  ==>  reading
reduce  ==>  reducing
refuse  ==>  refusing
reject  ==>  rejecting
remove  ==>  removing
repeat  ==>  repeatting
report  ==>  reporting
rescue  ==>  rescuing
rest  ==>  resting
result  ==>  resulting
retire  ==>  retiring
return  ==>  returning
revolt  ==>  revolting
ride  ==>  riding
riot  ==>  riotting
rise  ==>  rising
roll  ==>  rolling
ruin  ==>  ruinning
rule  ==>  ruling
run  ==>  running
sail  ==>  sailing
save  ==>  saving
say  ==>  FAIL
see  ==>  FAIL
seem  ==>  seeming
seize  ==>  seizing
sell  ==>  selling
send  ==>  sending
sense  ==>  sensing
serve  ==>  serving
set  ==>  setting
settle  ==>  settling
shake  ==>  shaking
shape  ==>  shaping
shell  ==>  shelling
shine  ==>  shining
ship  ==>  shipping
shock  ==>  shocking
shoot  ==>  shootting
shout  ==>  shoutting
show  ==>  showing
sign  ==>  signing
sing  ==>  singing
sit  ==>  sitting
sleep  ==>  sleepping
slide  ==>  sliding
slow  ==>  slowing
smash  ==>  smashing
smell  ==>  smelling
smoke  ==>  smoking
speak  ==>  speaking
speed  ==>  speeding
spend  ==>  spending
spill  ==>  spilling
split  ==>  splitting
spread  ==>  spreading
spy  ==>  FAIL
stand  ==>  standing
start  ==>  starting
starve  ==>  starving
state  ==>  stating
stay  ==>  FAIL
steal  ==>  stealing
stick  ==>  sticking
stop  ==>  stopping
store  ==>  storing
strike  ==>  striking
study  ==>  FAIL
suffer  ==>  sufferring
supply  ==>  FAIL
take  ==>  taking
talk  ==>  talking
taste  ==>  tasting
tear  ==>  tearring
tell  ==>  telling
test  ==>  testing
thank  ==>  thanking
think  ==>  thinking
throw  ==>  throwing
tie  ==>  tying
touch  ==>  touching
trade  ==>  trading
train  ==>  trainning
trap  ==>  trapping
travel  ==>  traveling
treat  ==>  treatting
trick  ==>  tricking
trust  ==>  trusting
try  ==>  FAIL
turn  ==>  turning
unite  ==>  uniting
urge  ==>  urging
use  ==>  using
vote  ==>  voting
wait  ==>  waitting
walk  ==>  walking
want  ==>  wanting
warn  ==>  warning
wash  ==>  washing
wave  ==>  waving
wear  ==>  wearring
will  ==>  willing
win  ==>  winning
wish  ==>  wishing
wonder  ==>  wonderring
work  ==>  working
worry  ==>  FAIL
wreck  ==>  wrecking
write  ==>  writing
###  0.9166666666666666 ( 330  out of  360 ) parsed
